Nov 6, 2022

#1

Hi. I wanted to share with you this guide so you can flash newer Retrofit Dynamic Partitions on Redmi 7A/8A/8 devices.
These kind of ROM's can be found on SDM Mi439 Telegram group as well. Here are the instructions.
You will also need to use newer recoveries. For flashing Android 12+ rom I recommend official TWRP 3.7.0 for Mi439.

Download TWRP 3.7.0 here: CLICK ME!
Download OrangeFox here: CLICK ME!
(Note for OrangeFox: Use A11 version for Android 11 Roms, and A12 version for Android 12 and 13)

Instruction to flash newer ROMs with Retrofit Dynamic Partitions:

(Please Ignore recovery errors at the first installation, because every system partitions are blank at the moment)
(If you proceed with using old unsupported recoveries, You'll surely ending up getting errors)

First time installation of Retrofit Dynamic Partitions ROMs:
1. Flash recovery with Retrofit Dynamic Partitions support (Download Here)
2. Enter the newly flashed recovery
3. Flash Retrofit Dynamic Partitions Converter (Download Here)
4. Wipe metadata partition
5. Flash the ROM
6. Factory Reset (Format data is recommended) if you're coming from a different ROM
7. Reboot and Enjoy

NOTE: If you can't flash ROM, try unticking "Unmount system before installing a ZIP" in settings of TWRP/OFOX.

Update ROM from Standard Partitions to Retrofit Dynamic Partitions:
Follow ￼ without Factory Reset step

Update ROM from Retrofit Dynamic Partitions to Retrofit Dynamic Partitions:
1. Enter recovery
2. Flash the update
3. Reboot and Enjoy

Switch to another Retrofit Dynamic Partitions ROM:
1. Enter recovery
2. Flash the ROM
3. Factory Reset (Format data is recommended)
4. Reboot and Enjoy

Revert back to standard partition ROM:
1. Enter recovery
2. Untick "Settings > Unmount System before installing a ZIP"
3. Do "Advanced > Unmap Super Devices"
4. Flash the ROM
5. Factory Reset (Format data is recommended)
6. Reboot and Enjoy

Warning! You can't flash static partition ROM on dynamic partitions and vice versa!

All ROMs that I post here are RDP (Retrofit Dynamic Partitions)!

